For this project you will work on groups of 3. No groups with more or less than 3 members will be allowed. A penalty of 20 points is instituted for that purpose.

Create an implementation of a skip list in C that allows for non-unique non-negative integer keys. Your tree will only store keys, no associated data.

You can use available skip list implementations found online, and augment them.

Implement all 7 dictionary operations:

- Insert a given key, return key value, -1 if unsuccessful (run out of space).

- Delete a key (all nodes with the given key), return number of nodes deleted.

- Search for a key, return 1 if found, 0 otherwise.

- Min, Max: Return the minimum/maximum key in the tree.

- Successor/Predecessor: Given a key that exists in the tree, return the next bigger/smaller key in the tree. Return -1 if the given element is the biggest/smallest in the tree, or if the given key cannot be found in the tree.

Your program should be able to parse input provided in the standard input, each line of which performs one dictionary operation. Each line has one directive and potentially one key (dependent on the operation), separated by a single space character. You can assume that the input has no errors. The directives are:

INS: Insertion

DEL: Deletion

SEA: Search

MIN: Minimum

MAX: Maximum

PRE: Predecessor

SUC: Successor

HEI: Tree height

 

Example input file:

INS 45

INS 31

INS 45

DEL 10

SEA 31

SEA 11

DEL 45

MIN

SUC 80

INS 1

SUC 1

HEI

Which should produce the following output:

45

31

45

0

1

0

2

31

-1

1

31

1

 

Please note that the height of the tree will depend on your implementation, due to the non-unique keys.

Your program can consist of multiple files, and should be accompanied by a makefile. When compiled with the command ‘make’, an executable called sl should be created. That executable will parse input from its standard input and produce all output in its standard output. No other output except the required output mentioned above should be sent to the standard output.

You should archive your files (and only your files, without storing any directories) using zip. The make utility should run correctly and create the appropriate executable in the directory where the files are extracted.

EDIT: For the purposes of our project, the height of an empty tree will be -1.